hey guys i am back with another her
fashion box open box video and here i
have my box which i haven't opened yet
so let's get into it okay so I've just
opened it and it looks like this inside
now I haven't washed any other her
fashion box video so I have no idea
what's in this so it's quite exciting
let's open it and cover looks so this is
what it's like inside so I'm going to
open it just as a side note i love these
boxes i love boxes with the magnetic
closure I think they're really good to
have if you want to store things or even
use them as gift boxes you can just wrap
it with wrapping paper okay so that's
inside the box and it's got the little
sort of magazine that lists the items
that are either November fashion box and
I'm not sure which one I have I did they
did send me the trendy one last time so
I'm assuming that I've got the trendy
one so we shall see so the first thing I
see is this one thing I'm not actually
sure what this is officially called but
I've seen this before and I have used it
before as well they're really good to do
a sort of top knot in and use it soon as
like a sock so if you've seen a sock bun
tutorial dan this is pretty much what
you would use in place of the sock and
you just wrap your hair around it or
this a couple of different ways you can
use is so this is definitely useful next
we have the main goat milk soothing body
balm and this is actually going to be
really good because I need to carry
around one in my bag so I don't want a
really big one smells like coconut and
this is made in Australia as well stuff
we have a gel eyeliner it's a mobile
card gel eyeliner with inbuilt brush I
have all
so that's the gel eyeliner there okay so
you open it up and that's the gel liner
inside and the brush is this little
thing that comes off the cap this would
be really good for traveling because it
means that you don't you need to bring
your gel liner brush or even just to
throw in your bag for touch-ups next up
we have this what are these called like
these leather straps oh this is really
pretty I like this so that's what it
looks like and I think that's actually
quite cute next we have these bangles
and they're blue and gold bangles which
I actually really like the combination
of little gold so and this is a really
good sort of summary kind of accessory
to have next we've got this headband I'm
really bad in headbands i usually don't
suit them soon i'm not even going to try
but maybe i'll try later when I don't
want to miss it I just don't want to
mess up my hair right now but this would
be super cute on other girls I just find
that I can't pull it off but I might
experiment a little but I do like the
colors on this and we have this necklace
this is really pretty I really like this
I love love this color I am loving this
color this is gorgeous this would look
so pretty with just a plain white
t-shirt I like a cotton maxi dress just
to play in colored I really would like
this is really pretty next we have this
all in nail polish and funnily enough I
have this color already I really do like
the only nail polishes and I love this
cotton candy color so good to know that
I now have a backup and I think with
that we've got these sort of pedicure
things I don't know what their color but
they're the things that you put in
between your toes finally what do we
have this is a piece a little dacor a
little blackboard so sleep well love
hard love be
I think you can just personalize your
message and just displayed it somewhere
which is really cute so that concludes
the November fashion box open box video
if you haven't seen my August fashion
box then I will link that for you here
and you can watch that and also see more
details about her fashion box and I will
also link their website down below don't
forget to also follow me on my Facebook
Instagram and Twitter and I will see you
guys in my next video why